## Angular Demo Instructions

> CSS and styling does not matter here it at all, we are looking just for the functionality

1. Create a new Angular component called demo
1. In the demo component HTML, put some static text in a div (or whatever HTML element you would like)
1. Create a checkbox that when checked, hides the static text you created above. When the checkbox is unchecked, the static text is shown
1. Create a hardcoded array of 5 strings (the values can be anything) in your component and display all 5 strings by looping over them in the component’s HTML
1. Write tests for the functionality above

> Below is what was generated by the Angular CLI

# AngularDemo

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 13.2.4.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
